Chosen by my book club, this was a great disappointment. A boring book about boring people. I doubt that I shall have the patience to finish it. I wasted £11 plus on the download
just couldnt get into this book, stopped reading it before finish which is very unusual for me because i am a constant reader
This book was bought for me for Christmas. I found it shallow and difficult to engage with - so much so that I gave up through boredom. A bit confusing and flighty!
Characters seemed implausible. Perhaps JKR should stick to fantasy. Found it a bit of a struggle to get through. Certainly not a page turner.
A tale of small, whiny people living small, whiny lives. I guess Eastenders has managed an audience for such, but I'd expected better from Ms. Rowling. Not to my tastes.
Not at all what I was expecting : dreary and dull, difficult to finish; was glad to read the last page. I probably will not buy the next J K Rowling book
I thought this was so boring and has been done by so many other authors in so much better ways, please JKR stay with Harry.
Started off well but too many characters and l became tired and bored with the story before the end....Lots of crass sexual words to try and make the story more sellable
Actually have returned this book as I found it, and others as well that I leant it too, found it difficult to read
I confess I bought Mrs Rowlings "adult" book out of sheer curiosity. It's readable, but not really a good book. I have not yet finished. but I doubt my first impressions will be changed. Let's wait for a better one.
Sorry J.K. i found it boring and it just dragged on. It's a shame because i am a Harry Potter fan and i think i was expecting somthing along those lines.
Perhaps my expectations were too high after Harry Potter, but I did not find this book that interesting. Story quite drawn out, but this is just my opinion. Others may not agree.
After all the hype I wanted to read this book but found it very difficult to get into, so many characters being introduced in a short time, a trifle confusing, I have yet to finish this book but that is because of shortage of time not because I am fed up with the book.
Excellent storyline, very perceptive writing, what a surprise! I have read it twice now, and enjoyed it thoroughly each time.
JK R has transformed from fairy tales to mature fiction and the tale is a comfortable read that flows well
Wasn't expecting to enjoy this and wondered how it would compare to Harry Potter. Found myself really enjoying it and it was well worth the effort.
A thorough and moving read which provokes laughter and tears. Very well written. The characters are brought to life brilliantly with superb descriptive language.
Brilliantly written. I have no interest in the fantasy books, this was a superb read. I absolutely loved the characters, a fabulous honest representation of the polarised classes.
First book I have read for ages that completely absorbed me! Excellent characters and varied storyline. I'm missing it now!
Quite different from harry potter but very enthralling with good characters and a vivid picture of life in the surroundings. Don't know why it has so many critics because I loved it.
This film just doesn't live up to all the hype... It tries to make up of the lack of a good story or engaging characters with a lot of very predictable (by today's standards) special effects and highly unbelievable fight scenes. If you take the first Matrix film as a benchmark of quality for this type of film, then Inception simply isn't in the same league, even though made more than a decade later.
Very disappointing. Apart from it sending me to sleep early on, I haven't the remotest idea what this film is about. Save your money & get a box set of The Matrix, which Inception seems to be copying!
Ok, so it's very clever and extremely well made, but word of mouth has lead people to think this is a masterpiece when really...it's not THAT good.
Good film, but not easy to follow. Complicated plot but very clever, had to really think about it but I really enjoyed it. Be careful if ordering came as region 2 but not PAL which meant we couldn't watch it on our LG Player dissapointing.
I really enjoyed this film, and must credit Chris Nolan with having a higher regard for his audience than other directors. The film starts fast and doesn't break it's pace till the credits roll, if you are after a popcorn film you can enjoy and not pay too much attention to, this is not it. You need to concentrate from the beginning, and it may well take a couple of viewings to understand.
